.\" Man page for passhash
.\" Contact: AntiSecTech <contact.antisec@pm.me>
.\" Copyright: CC BY-NC 4.0

.TH PASSHASH 1 "June 2024" "passhash 1.0" "passhash - generate hashed password strings using OpenSSL"

.SH NAME
passhash \- generate hashed password strings using OpenSSL

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B passhash
.RB \-p: "[password]"
.RB [\ -u: "[username]"]
.RB [\ -s: "[salt]"]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B passhash
is a command-line utility that generates hashed password strings using OpenSSL. It accepts options to specify the password, username, and salt for hash generation.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-p: "[password]"
Specifies the password for which the hash will be generated. This option is required.

.TP
.B \-u: "[username]"
Specifies the username associated with the hashed password. If not provided, defaults to "root".

.TP
.B \-s: "[salt]"
Specifies the salt to be used in the hashing process. If not provided, defaults to "salted".

.SH EXAMPLES
To generate a hashed password for the password "my_password" with the default username "root" and default salt "salted":
.PP
.EX
$ passhash -p:my_password
.EE

To generate a hashed password for the password "secure_pass" with a specific username "admin" and a custom salt "my_salt":
.PP
.EX
$ passhash -p:secure_pass -u:admin -s:my_salt
.EE

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful execution.

.TP
.B 1
Errors encountered during execution.

.SH AUTHORS
Written by AntiSecTech <https://antisectech.github.io/>.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report any bugs to <contact.antisec@pm.me>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
.B passhash
is licensed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 license. See <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/legalcode.txt> for more details.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR openssl (1)

.SH NOTES
This documentation is based on the functionality of the passhash utility using OpenSSL for password hashing.
